Rate Limiting docs (#1877)
linkerd/website: linkerd.io/content/2-edge/tasks/configuring-rate-limiting.md

```bash
linkerd inject https://run.linkerd.io/emojivoto.yml | kubectl apply -f -
kubectl -n emojivoto scale --replicas 0 deploy/vote-bot
```

Finally, deploy a workload with an Ubuntu image, open a shell into it and
install curl:

```bash
kubectl create deployment client --image ubuntu -- bash -c "sleep infinity"
kubectl exec -it client-xxx -- bash
root@client-xxx:/# apt-get update && apt-get install -y curl
```

Leave that shell open so we can use it below when [sending
requests](#sending-requests).

## Creating an HTTPLocalRateLimitPolicy resource

We need first to create a `Server` resource pointing to the `web-svc` service.
Note that this `Server` has `accessPolicy: all-unauthenticated`, which means
that traffic is allowed by default and we don't require to declare authorization
policies associated to it:

```yaml
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
---
apiVersion: policy.linkerd.io/v1beta3
kind: Server
metadata:
  namespace: emojivoto
  name: web-http
spec:
  accessPolicy: all-unauthenticated
  podSelector:
    matchLabels:
      app: web-svc
  port: http
  proxyProtocol: HTTP/1
EOF
```

Now we can apply the `HTTPLocalRateLimitPolicy` resource pointing to that

> `Server`. For now, we'll constraint ourselves to just setting a limit of 4 RPS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Server`. For now, we'll just sett a limit of 4 RPS:
```
